[9.x] Adds refresh section. (#7937)
laravel/docs: cache.md

    $value = Cache::pull('key');

<a name="retrieve-update"></a>
#### Retrieve & Update

> If your driver supports [atomic locks](#atomic-locks), you will be able to retrieve and update an item without race conditions, avoiding any change on the value by other process while it's being manipulated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your driver supports [atomic locks](#atomic-locks), you will be able to retrieve and update an item without race conditions, avoiding any change in the value by other processes while it's being manipulated.
```

The `refresh` method accepts the cache key of the item, a callback, and an optional lifetime. The callback receives the cached item, or `null` if it doesn't exist, and it should return the updated value.

    $item = Cache::refresh('message', function ($message) {
        $message ??= 'Hello';
        
        return $message . ' world!';
    }, 60);
    
    // "Hello world!"

The callback accepts a second argument to modify the refreshed lifetime. The `in` and `at` methods accept the new extended time or seconds, the `never` method will store the updated value forever, and using `now` will forget the item from the cache instead of refreshing it.

    Cache::refresh('mission', function ($mission, $expire) {
        $mission ??= new Mission();

	    if ($mission->isAborted()) {
    		$expire->in(60);
    	}
	
    	if ($mission->isAccomplished()) {
		    $expire->now();
	    }
    	
	    return $mission;
    });

> {tip} If you don't want to refresh the item and its lifetime, you can return `null`.

> When the lock cannot be acquired immediately, it waits for a maximum of 10 seconds. You may further configure the atomic lock by omiting the callback, which will return an object to alter the lock properties and waiting time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the lock cannot be acquired immediately, it waits for a maximum of 10 seconds. You may further configure the atomic lock by omitting the callback, which will return an object to alter the lock properties and waiting time.
```
